We've got our Boston section
now, we've already dealt with the picnic.
What we're going to do now
is we're going to skin it and bone it.
So first thing I want to do is again,
I want to skin it.
So this is some really nice back
fat on here.
So I absolutely want to leave as much of
that on the shoulder as possible.
So we'll just go ahead and skin it.
And I want to keep the skin
tight as I'm pulling away from it,
you'll notice
my fingers really aren't behind the skin
where the blade is cutting.
For the reason that I don't want that
sharp knife to go through the skin,
so with this meat
removed from the backbone, now
I'm going to take my knife and I'm going
to come underneath these bones right here
just to
remove them like so from the equation.
So they're freed up
from the neck bone here because we want
this whole bone structure to come out.
So where I took the country ribs, I'm
now going to come under them here.
Now I can really start to start
working this.
Remove
with minimal damage as possible,
so we've got our
our neck bone
and our backbone coming out as one piece.
OK, so now we're at a state
where we can get the coppa out,
which is this main muscle here.
To start seaming it out again
when I say seaming it out, it's
like the other principles that we've used
when breaking down the hog.
We're just looking for that fascia
that connects the two muscles
or the muscle groups.
So I'll just start by nicking the fascia
in order to remove it the.
Scapula is a flat bone,
so I'm going to just be using my knife
to stay flat on the bone, to remove it.
I get past the scapula
where I cut it right down. OK,
so now what I've got
is my main muscle coppa.
To finish it off,
I've got the scapula that needs to come
out of this section here,
so I'm going to use that seam here
just to kind of almost trace
around the exterior.
And then as we spoke about before,
the scapula is a flat bone.
So I'm just going to come and use my knife
to get the meat off
of the top of that scapula.
So just removing it all.
And now I'm
going to actually come under the scapula
to remove the bone.
So in order to do that, I will manipulate
it just up on its side, like so
and I'm going to come in under it.
Like so.
And just start working it out.
Like so
now the
shoulder blade has been removed
and we've got a boneless piece.